71:2 GIVE the King thy júdgments, O Gód, * and thy righteousness únto the King’s són.
71:2 Then shall he judge thy people accórding unto ríght, * and defénd the póor.
71:3 The mountains also sháll bring péace, * and the little hills righteousness únto the péople.
71:4 He shall keep the simple fólk by their ríght, * defend the children of the poor, and púnish the wróng doer.
71:5 They shall fear thee, as long as the sun and móon endúreth, * from one generátion to anóther.
71:6 He shall come down like the rain upón the mown gráss, * even as the drops that wáter the éarth.
71:7 In his time shall the réghteous flóurish; * yea, and abundance of peace, so long as the móon endúreth.
71:8 His dominion shall be also from the one séa to the óther, * and from the River únto the world’s énd.
71:9 They that dwell in the wilderness shall knéel befóre him; * his enemies shall líck the dúst.
71:10 The kings of Tarshish and of the ísles shall give présents; * the kings of Arabia and Sába shall bring gífts.
71:11 All kings shall fáll down befóre him; * all nations shall dó him sérvice.
71:12 For he shall deliver the póor when he críeth; * the needy also, and him that háth no hélper.
71:13 He shall be favorable to the símple and néedy, * and shall preserve the sóuls of the póor.
71:14 He shall deliver their souls from fálsehood and wróng; * and dear shall their blóod be in his síght.
71:15 He shall live, and unto him shall be given of the góld of Arábia; * prayer shall be made ever unto him, and daily shall hé be práised.
71:16 There shall be an heap of corn in the earth, high upon the hills; the fruit thereof shall sháke like Lébanon: * and they of the city shall flourish like gráss upon the éarth.
71:17 His Name shall endure forever; his Name shall remain under the sun among the posterities, which shall be bléssed in hím; * and all the nátions shall práise him.
71:18 Blessed be the LORD God, even the Gód of Ísrael, * which only doeth wóndrous thíngs;
71:19 And blessed be the Name of his májesty foréver: * and all the earth shall be fílled with his májesty. Amen, Amen.
