70:1 IN thee, O LORD, have I put my trust; let me never be pút to confúsion, * but rid me and deliver me in thy righteousness; incline thine ear unto mé, and sáve me.
70:3 Be thou my stronghold, whereunto I may álway resórt: * thou hast promised to help me, for thou art my house of defénse, and my cástle.
70:4 Deliver me, O my God, out of the hánd of the ungódly, * out of the hand of the unríghteous and crúel man.
70:5 For thou, O Lord GOD, art the thíng that I lóng for: * thou art my hope, éven from my yóuth.
70:6 Through thee have I been holden up ever sínce I was bórn: * thou art he that took me out of my mother’s womb: my praise shall be álway of thée.
70:7 I am become as it were a mónster unto mány, * but my sure trúst is in thée.
70:8 O let my mouth be fílled with thy práise, * that I may sing of thy glory and honor áll the day lóng.
70:9 Cast me not away in the tíme of áge; * forsake me not when my strength fáileth mé.
70:10 For mine enemies spéak agáinst me; * and they that lay wait for my soul take their counsel togéther, sáying,
70:11 Gód hath forsáken him; * persecute him, and take him, for there is nóne to delíver him.
70:12 Go not far from mé, O Gód; * my God, háste thee to hélp me.
70:13 Let them be confounded and perish that are agáinst my sóul; * let them be covered with shame and dishonor that seek to dó me évil.
70:14 As for me, I will patiently abíde alwáy, * and will praise thee móre and móre.
70:15 My mouth shall daily speak of thy ríghteousness and salvátion; * for I know no énd thereóf.
70:16 I will go forth in the stréngth of the Lord GÓD, * and will make mention of thy ríghteousness ónly.
70:17 Thou, O God, hast taught me from my youth úp until nów; * therefore will I tell of thy wóndrous wórks.
70:18 Forsake me not, O God, in mine old age, when Í am gray-héaded, * until I have showed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to all them that are yét for to cóme.
70:19 Thy righteousness, O God, is véry hígh, * and great things are they that thou hast done: O God, who is líke unto thée!
70:20 O what great troubles and adversities hast thou showed me! and yet didst thou túrn and refrésh me; * yea, and broughtest me from the deep of the éarth agáin.
70:21 Thou hast bróught me to great hónor, * and comforted me on évery síde:
70:22 Therefore will I praise thee, and thy faithfulness, O God, playing upon an ínstrument of músic: * unto thee will I sing upon the harp, O thou Hóly One of Ísrael.
70:23 My lips will be glad when I sing unto thée; * and so will my soul whom thóu hast delívered.
70:24 My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness áll the day lóng; * for they are confounded and brought unto shame that seek to dó me évil.
