67:2 LET God arise, and let his énemies be scáttered; * let them also that hate him flée befóre him.
67:3 Like as the smoke vanisheth, so shalt thou dríve them awáy; * and like as wax melteth at the fire, so let the ungodly perish at the présence of Gód.
67:4 But let the righteous be glad, and rejóice before Gód; * let them also be mérry and jóyful.
67:5a O sing unto God, and sing praises unto his Name; magnify him that rídeth upon the héavens; * praise him in his Name JAH, and rejóice befóre him.
67:5b He is a Father of the fatherless, and defendeth the cáuse of the wídows; * even God in his hóly habitátion.
67:6b He is the God that maketh men to be of one mind in an house, and bringeth the prísoners out of captívity; * but letteth the runagates contínue in scárceness.
67:8 O God, when thou wentest forth befóre the péople; * when thou wentest thróugh the wílderness,
67:9 The earth shook, and the heavens dropped at the présence of Gód; * even as Sinai also was moved at the presence of God, who is the Gód of Ísrael.
67:10 Thou, O God, sentest a gracious rain upon thíne inhéritance, * and refreshedst it when ít was wéary.
67:11 Thy congregation shall dwéll theréin; * for thou, O God, hast of thy goodness prepáred for the póor.
67:12 The Lórd gave the wórd; * great was the company of women that báre the tídings.
67:13 Kings with their armies did flee, and wére discómfited, * and they of the household divíded the spóil.
67:14 Though ye have lain among the sheep-folds, yet shall ye be as the wíngs of a dóve * that is covered with silver wings, and her féathers like góld.
67:15 When the Almighty scattered kíngs for their sáke, * then were they as white as snáw in Sálmon.
67:16b As the hill of Bashan, só is Gód’s híll; * even an high hill, as the híll of Báshan.
67:17b Why mock ye so, ye high hills? this is God’s hill, in the which it pléaseth him to dwéll; * yea, the LORD will abide in ít foréver.
67:18 The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thóusands of ángels; * and the Lord is among them as in the holy pláce of Sínai.
67:19 Thou art gone up on high, thou hast led captivity captive, and received gífts from mén; * yea, even from thine enemies, that the LORD God might dwéll amóng them.
67:20 Práised be the Lord dáily, * even the God who helpeth us, and poureth his bénefits upón us.
67:21 He is our God, even the God of whom cómeth salvátion: * GOD is the Lord, by whóm we escape déath.
67:22 God shall wound the héad of his énemies, * and the hairy scalp of such a one as goeth on stíll in his wíckedness.
67:23 The Lord hath said, I will bring my people again, as I díd from Báshan; * mine own will I bring again, as I did sometime from the déep of the séa.
67:24 That thy foot may be dipped in the blóod of thine énemies, * and that the tongue of thy dogs may be réd through the sáme.
67:25 It is well seen, O God, hów thou góest; * how thou, my God and King, góest in the sánctuary.
67:26 The singers go before, the mínstrels follow áfter, * in the midst of the damsels pláying with the tímbrels.
67:27 Give thanks unto God the Lórd in the congregátion, * ye that are of the fóuntain of Ísrael.
67:28 There is little Benjamin their ruler, and the princes of Júdah their cóuncil; * the princes of Zebulon, and the prínces of Naphtháli.
67:29 Thy God hath sent forth stréngth for thée; * stablish the thing, O God, that thou hast wróught in ús,
67:30 For thy temple’s sáke at Jerúsalem; * so shall kings bring présents unto thée.
67:31a Rebuke thou the dragon and the bull, with the leaders of the heathen, so that they humbly bring píeces of sílver; * scatter thou the peoples that delíght in wár;
67:31b Then shall the princes come óut of Égypt; * the Morians’ land shall soon stretch out her hánds unto Gód.
67:33a Sing unto God, O ye kíngdoms of the éarth; * O sing praises únto the Lórd;
67:33b Who sitteth in the heavens over all, fróm the begínning: * lo, he doth send out his voice; yea, and that a míghty vóice.
67:34b Ascribe ye the power to Gód over Ísrael; * his worship and strength is ín the clóuds.
67:36 O God, wonderful art thou in thy hóly pláces: * even the God of Israel, he will give strength and power unto his people. Bléssed be Gód.
