39:2 I WAITED pátiently for the LÓRD, * and he inclined unto me, and héard my cálling.
39:3 He brought me also out of the horrible pit, óut of the míre and cláy, * and set my feet upon the rock, and órdered my góings.
39:4 And he hath put a new sóng in my móuth, * even a thanksgíving únto our Gód.
39:4 Many shall sée it, and féar, * and shall put their trúst in the LÓRD.
39:5 Blessèd is the man that hath set his hópe in the LÓRD, * and turned not unto the proud, and to such as gó abóut with líes.
39:6 O LORD my God, great are the wondrous works which thou hast done, like as be also thy thoughts, which áre to ús-ward; * and yet there is no man that órdereth them únto thee.
39:6 If I should decláre them, and spéak of them, * they should be more than I am áble to expréss.
39:7 Sacrifice and óffering thou wóuldest not, * but mine éars hast thou ópened.
39:7 Burnt-offering and sacrifice for sin hast thou nót requíred: * then said I, Ló, I cóme;
39:8 In the volume of the book it is written of me, that I should fulfíll thy wíll, O my Gód: * I am content to do it; yea, thy láw is withín my héart.
39:10 I have declared thy righteousness in the gréat congregátion: * lo, I will not refrain my lips, O LORD, and thát thou knówest.
39:11 I have not hid thy righteousness withín my héart; * my talk hath been of thy truth, and of thý salvátion.
39:11 I have not kept back thy loving mércy and trúth * from the gréat congregátion.
39:12 Withdraw not thou thy mércy from mé, O LÓRD; * let thy loving-kindness and thy truth álway presérve me.
39:13 For innumerable troubles are come about me; † my sins have taken such hold upon me, that I am not áble to look úp; * yea, they are more in number than the hairs of my head, and my héart hath fáiled me.
39:14 O LORD, let it be thy pléasure to delíver me; * make háste, O LÓRD, to hélp me.
39:15 Let them be ashamed, and confounded together, that seek after my sóul to destróy it; * let them be driven backward, and put to rebuke, that wísh me évil.
39:16 Let them be desolate, and rewárded with sháme, * that say unto me, Fíe upón thee! fíe upón thee!
39:17 Let all those that seek thee, be jóyful and glád in thee; * and let such as love thy salvation, say alway, The LÓRD be práised.
39:18 As for me, I am póor and néedy; * but the Lórd cáreth for mé.
39:18 Thou art my hélper and redéemer; * make no long tárrying, Ó my Gód.
