34:1 PLEAD thou my cause, O LORD, with thém that stríve with me, * and fight thou against them that fíght agáinst me.
34:2 Lay hand upon the shíeld and búckler, * and stánd up to hélp me.
34:3 Bring forth the spear, and stop the way against thém that pursúe me: * say unto my soul, I am thý salvátion.
34:4 Let them be confounded, and put to shame, that seek áfter my sóul; * let them be turned back, and brought to confusion, that imagine míschief fór me.
34:5 Let them be as the dúst befóre the wind, * and the angel of the LÓRD scáttering them.
34:6 Let their way be dárk and slíppery, * and let the angel of the LÓRD pursúe them.
34:7 For they have privily laid their net to destroy me withóut a cáuse; * yea, even without a cause have they made a pít for mý soul.
34:8 Let a sudden destruction come upon him unawares, † and his net that he hath laid prívily cátch himself; * that he may fall ínto his own míschief.
34:9 And my soul shall be jóyful in the LÓRD; * it shall rejoice in hís salvátion.
34:10 All my bones shall say, Lord, who is like unto thee, † who deliverest the poor from him that ís too stróng for him; * yea, the poor, and him that is in misery, from hím that spoileth him?
34:11 False wítnesses did rise up: * they laid to my charge thíngs that I knéw not.
34:12 They rewarded me évil for góod, * to the great discómfort óf my soul.
34:13 Nevertheless, when they were sick, I put on sackcloth, and humbled my sóul with fásting; * and my prayer shall turn into míne own bósom.
34:14 I behaved myself as though it had been my fríend or my bróther; * I went heavily, as one that móurneth for his móther.
34:15 But in mine adversity they rejoiced, and gathered themsélves togéther; * yea, the very abjects came together against me unawares, making móuths at me, and céased not.
34:16 With the flatterers were búsy móckers, * who gnashed upon mé with théir teeth.
34:17 Lord, how long wilt thou lóok upón this? * O deliver my soul from the calamities which they bring on me, and my dárling from the líons.
34:18 So will I give thee thanks in the great cóngregátion; * I will praise thee amóng much péople.
34:19 O let not them that are mine enemies triumph over mé ungódly; * neither let them wink with their eyes, that hate mé withóut a cause.
34:20 And why? their communing is nót for péace; * but they imagine deceitful words against them that are quíet ín the land.
34:21 They gaped upon me with their móuths, and sáid, * Fie on thee! fie on thee! we saw it wíth our éyes.
34:22 This thou hast séen, O LÓRD; * hold not thy tongue then; go not fár from mé, O Lord.
34:23 Awake, and stand up to júdge my quárrel; * avenge thou my cause, my Gód and mý Lord.
34:24 Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy ríghteousnéss; * and let them not tríumph óver me.
34:25 Let them not say in their hearts, There! there! so wóuld we háve it; * neither let them say, We háve devóured him.
34:26 Let them be put to confusion and shame together, that rejóice at my tróuble; * let them be clothed with rebuke and dishonor, that boast themsélves agáinst me.
34:27 Let them be glad and rejoice, that favor my ríghteous déaling; * yea, let them say alway, Blessed be the LORD, who hath pleasure in the prospérity of his sérvant.
34:28 And as for my tongue, it shall be talking of thy ríghteousnéss, * and of thy praise, áll the dáy long.
