44:2 MY heart overfloweth with a good matter; I speak the things which I have made concerning the King. * My tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
44:3 Thou art fairer than the children of men; * full of grace are thy lips, because God hath blessed thee forever.
44:4 Gird thee with thy sword upon thy thigh, O thou Most Mighty, * according to thy worship and renown.
44:5 Good luck have thou with thine honor: * ride on, because of the word of truth, of meekness, and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
44:6 Thy arrows are very sharp in the heart of the King’s enemies, * and the people shall be subdued unto thee.
44:7 Thy seat, O God, endureth forever; * the scepter of thy kingdom is a right scepter.
44:8 Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; * wherefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
44:9 All thy garments smell of myrrh, aloes, and cassia; * out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
44:10b Kings’ daughters are among thy honorable women; * upon thy right hand doth stand the queen in a vesture of gold, wrought about with divers colors.
44:11 Harken, O daughter, and consider; incline thine ear; * forget also thine own people, and thy father’s house.
44:12 So shall the King have pleasure in thy beauty; * for he is thy Lord, and worship thou him.
44:13 And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; * like as the rich also among the people shall make their supplication before thee.
44:14 The King’s daughter is all glorious within; * her clothing is of wrought gold.
44:15b She shall be brought unto the King in raiment of needlework: * the virgins that be her fellows shall bear her company, and shall be brought unto thee.
44:16 With joy and gladness shall they be brought, * and shall enter into the King’s palace.
44:17 Instead of thy fathers, thou shalt have children, * whom thou mayest make princes in all lands.
44:18 I will make thy Name to be remembered from one generation to another; * therefore shall the people give thanks unto thee, world without end.
