9:2 I WILL give thanks unto thee, O LORD, with mý whole héart; * I will speak of all thy márvelous wórks.
9:3 I will be glad and rejóice in thée; * yea, my songs will I make of thy Náme, O thou Most Híghest.
9:4 While mine enemies are dríven báck, * they shall fall and pérish at thy présence.
9:5 For thou hast maintained my ríght and my cáuse; * thou art set in the thróne that judgest ríght.
9:6 Thou hast rebuked the heathen, and destróyed the ungódly; * thou hast put out their name for éver and éver.
9:7 O thou enemy, thy destructions are come to a perpétual énd; * even as the cities which thou hast destroyed, whose memorial is pérished with thém.
9:8b But the LORD shall endúre foréver; * he hath also prepared his séat for júdgment.
9:9 For he shall judge the wórld in ríghteousness, * and minister true júdgment unto the péople.
9:10 The LORD also will be a defénse for the oppréssed, * even a refuge in due tíme of tróuble.
9:11 And they that know thy Name will put their trúst in thée; * for thou, LORD, hast never fáiled them that séek thee.
9:12 O praise the LORD which dwélleth in Síon; * show the péople of his dóings.
9:13 For when he maketh inquisition for blood, he remémbereth thém, * and forgetteth not the compláint of the póor.
9:14 Have mercy upon me, O LORD; † consider the trouble which I suffer of thém that háte me, * thou that liftest me up from the gátes of déath;
9:15 That I may show all thy praises within the gates of the dáughter of Síon: * I will rejóice in thy salvátion.
9:16 The heathen are sunk down in the pít that they máde; * in the same net which they hid privily is théir foot táken.
9:17 The LORD is known to éxecute júdgment; * the ungodly is trapped in the wórk of his own hánds.
9:18 The wicked shall be túrned to destrúction, * and all the péople that forget Gód.
9:19 For the poor shall not álway be forgótten; * the patient abiding of the meek shall not pérish foréver.
9:20 Up, LORD, and let not man háve the upper hánd; * let the heathen be júdged in thy síght.
9:21 Put them in féar, O LÓRD, * that the heathen may know themselves to bé but mén.
9:22 WHY standest thou so far óff, O LÓRD, * and hidest thy face in the needful tíme of tróuble?
9:23 The ungodly, for his own lust, doth pérsecute the póor: * let them be taken in the crafty wiliness that théy have imágined.
9:24 For the ungodly hath made boast of his ówn heart’s desíre, * and speaketh good of the covetous, whom the LÓRD abhórreth.
9:25 The ungodly is so proud, that he cáreth not for Gód, * neither is God in áll his thóughts.
9:26 His ways are álway gríevous; * thy judgments are far above out of his sight, and therefore defíeth he all his énemies.
9:27 For he hath said in his heart, Tush, I shall néver be cast dówn, * there shall no harm háppen unto mé.
9:28 His mouth is full of cursing, decéit, and fráud; * under his tongue is ungódliness and vánity.
9:29 He sitteth lurking in the thievish córners of the stréets, * and privily in his lurking dens doth he murder the innocent; his eyes are sét against the póor.
9:30a For he lieth waiting secretly; even as a lion lúrketh he in his dén, * that he may rávish the póor.
9:30b He doth rávish the póor, * when he gétteth him into his nét.
9:31 He falleth down, and húmbleth himsélf, * that the congregation of the poor may fall into the hánds of his cáptains.
9:32 He hath said in his heart, Tush, Gód hath forgótten; * he hideth away his face, and he will néver sée it.
9:33 Arise, O LORD God, and líft up thine hánd; * forgét not the póor.
9:34 Wherefore should the wicked bláspheme Gód, * while he doth say in his heart, Tush, thou God cárest not fór it?
9:35a Surely thóu hast séen it; * for thou beholdest ungodliness and wrong, that thou mayest take the mátter into thy hánd.
9:35b The poor committeth himsélf unto thée; * for thou art the hélper of the fríendless.
9:36 Break thou the power of the ungódly and malícious; * search out his ungodliness, untíl thou find nóne.
9:37 The LORD is King for éver and éver, * and the heathen are pérished out of the lánd.
9:38 LORD, thou hast heard the desíre of the póor; * thou preparest their heart, and thíne ear hárkeneth;
9:39 To help the fatherless and póor unto their ríght, * that the man of the earth be no more exálted agáinst them.
